Add ability set specific language when render file (#199)
yiisoft/view: README.md

`View` service:
- parameters,
- blocks,
- theme,

> - language.

Reviewer: Why removed? Language in state also.

- theme.

`WebView` service:
- parameters,
- blocks,
- theme,

> - language,

Reviewer: Why removed? Language in state also.

`View` service:
- parameters,
- blocks,

> - theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- theme,
```

}
```

> ### LocaleState of `View` and `WebView` services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Language in state
```

This is subheading of "State of `View` and `WebView` services" part.

Reviewer 2: It's locale, not language.

> `LocaleState` like the previous state is not cloned when services are cloned. You can change the locale by using `setLocale()`, which will be applied to all other instances including existing ones. If you need to change the locale only for a single instance, you can use the immutable `withLocale()` method. Locale will be applied to all views rendered within views with `render()` calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can change the locale by using `setLocale()`, which will be applied to all other instances that used current state 
including existing ones. If you need to change the locale only for a single instance, you can use the immutable 
`withLocale()` method. Locale will be applied to all views rendered within views with `render()` calls.
```

`LocaleState` is internal class. We shouldn't mention him.

> `LocaleState` like the previous state is not cloned when services are cloned. You can change the local by using `setLanguage()`, which will be applied to all other instances and to the old ones. If you need to change the locale only for a new instance without changing the locale globally, then you can use the immutable method `withLanguage()`, changing the locale also be applied to all sub-renders.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`LocaleState` like the previous state is not cloned when services are cloned. You can change the locale by using `setLanguage()`, which will be applied to all other instances including existing ones. If you need to change the locale only for a single instance, you can use the immutable `withLanguage()` method. Locale will be applied to all views rendered within views with `render()` calls.
```

> example with mutable method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example with mutable method:

```

```php
final class LocaleMiddleware implements MiddlewareInterface
{    
    ...
    private WebView $view;
    ...
    public function __construct (
        ...
        WebView $view
        ...
    ) {
        $this->view = $view;
    }
    public function process(ServerRequestInterface $request, RequestHandlerInterface $handler): ResponseInterface
    {
        ...
        $this->view->setLanguage($locale);
        ...
    }
}
````

> or immutable method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example with immutable method:

```

```php
final class BlogController {
    private WebView $view;
    public function __construct (WebView $view) {
        $this->view = $view;
    }
    public function index() {
        return $this->view->withLanguage('es')->render('index');
    }
}
```

> To get a deep cloned `View` or `WebView` use `withClearedState()`: 

Reviewer: Deep clone should be before locale state part.

Author: Why?, deep clone also resets locale state.

Reviewer: Then need heading. Now seems that deep clone into "Locale state".

}
```

#### Locale state

> You can change the locale by using `setLocale()`, which will be applied to all other instances that used current state

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can change the locale by using `setLocale()`, which will be applied to all other instances that used current state
```

}
```

#### Locale state

You can change the locale by using `setLocale()`, which will be applied to all other instances that used current state
including existing ones. If you need to change the locale only for a single instance, you can use the immutable
`withLocale()` method. Locale will be applied to all views rendered within views with `render()` calls.

Example with mutable method:

```php
final class LocaleMiddleware implements MiddlewareInterface
{    
    ...
    private WebView $view;
    ...
    public function __construct (
        ...
        WebView $view
        ...
    ) {
        $this->view = $view;
    }
    public function process(ServerRequestInterface $request, RequestHandlerInterface $handler): ResponseInterface
    {
        ...
        $this->view->setLocale($locale);
        ...
    }
}
````

Example with immutable method:

```php
final class BlogController {
    private WebView $view;
    public function __construct (WebView $view) {
        $this->view = $view;
    }
    public function index() {
        return $this->view->withLocale('es')->render('index');
    }
}
```

> #### Reset state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Reset state

```
